docs: ZkUseFactoryDep cheatcode documentation (#45)
matter-labs/foundry-zksync-book: src/zksync-specifics/cheatcodes/zk-use-factory-dep.md

## `zkUseFactoryDep`

### Signature

```solidity
function zkUseFactoryDep(string calldata name) external pure;
```

### Description

> Enables marking a bytecode as a factory dependency for the next CREATE or CALL and cleared after.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Marks a given contract as a factory dependency only for the next CREATE or CALL, unmarking it afterwards, similar to [`prank`](../../cheatcodes/prank.md).
```

> This cheatcode is useful when deploying contracts through factories, as it allows marking bytecode as a factory dependency and deploying contracts by passing their bytecode hash to the factory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cheatcode is useful when deploying contracts through factories that do not depend directly on a given contract, as it allows to explicitly mark this type of contract as a factory dependency, allowing the factory to deploy the contract.

More information on factory dependencies in the [official ZKsync docs](https://docs.zksync.io/build/developer-reference/ethereum-differences/contract-deployment#note-on-factory_deps).
```

Reviewer: I like concise but for documentation we should be explicit on what problem this addresses, how it helps, and what you can do with it, outside of the examples later

### Examples

```solidity
contract Deployer {
    // Deploy the factory

>     Factory factory = new Factory(multisigBytecodeHash);

Reviewer: Can we have a few extra lines to explain what's happening here? Specifically: 
* `Factory` does not depend on `TwoUserMultisig` directly
* We thus need to mark it explicitly
